README.md, before:

# Badges for my Home Assistant custom integrations

[![GitHub Repo stars][stars-shield]][stars]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]][maintainer]
[![BuyMeCoffee][buymecoffeebadge]][buymecoffee]

This repository hosts active installation badges for all my Home Assistant custom components. A GitHub action is used to update them on a daily basis.

I was inspired by the [hacs-statistics-badge](https://github.com/KartoffelToby/hacs-statistics-badge) project made by [@KartoffelToby](https://github.com/KartoffelToby), thanks for sharing!


[buymecoffee]: https://www.buymeacoffee.com/golles
[buymecoffeebadge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/buy%20me%20a%20coffee-donate-yellow.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/golles/ha-active-installation-badges.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/golles/ha-active-installation-badges/commits/main
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/golles/ha-active-installation-badges.svg?style=for-the-badge
[maintainer]: https://github.com/golles
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-golles-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/golles/ha-active-installation-badges?style=for-the-badge
[stars]: https://github.com/golles/ha-active-installation-badges/stargazers

Commit message:

Make badges for all integrations

README.md, after:

# Home Assistant active installation badges

[![GitHub Repo stars][stars-shield]][stars]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]][maintainer]
[![BuyMeCoffee][buymecoffeebadge]][buymecoffee]

This repository hosts active installation badges for all Home Assistant custom components. A GitHub action is used to update them on a daily basis.

## Templates

If you like to have a custom template for your integration, please open a pull request with the new template.
The default template was taken from <https://img.shields.io/badge/Active_installations-XXXXX-orange?style=for-the-badge>

## Credits

I was inspired by the [hacs-statistics-badge](https://github.com/KartoffelToby/hacs-statistics-badge) project made by [@KartoffelToby](https://github.com/KartoffelToby), thanks for sharing!

[buymecoffee]: https://www.buymeacoffee.com/golles
[buymecoffeebadge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/buy%20me%20a%20coffee-donate-yellow.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/golles/ha-active-installation-badges.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/golles/ha-active-installation-badges/commits/main
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/golles/ha-active-installation-badges.svg?style=for-the-badge
[maintainer]: https://github.com/golles
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-golles-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/golles/ha-active-installation-badges?style=for-the-badge
[stars]: https://github.com/golles/ha-active-installation-badges/stargazers
